# Frequently Asked Questions about Capital Providers

### How can I become a capital provider?  
You need to deposit stETH into the Morpheus contract.

### In which сhain can I supply capital?
Ethereum mainnet

### What is the address of smart contract for deposits?
Please visit #verified-links channel in the [Morpheus Discord server](https://discord.com/channels/1151741790408429580/1183934719155515463)

### What is stETH?  
stETH is a yield generating token that represents an Ethereum token that is staked in Lido.

### How do I get stETH?  
stETH can either be minted directly through the Lido or bought on exchanges.

### How does Morpheus benefit from my deposit?  
Protocol utilizes generated by stETH yield to create Protocol owned Liquidity.  
Half of the yield is used to buy back MOR from the open market, combine it with the remaining wETH, and add it to the liquidity pool.

### If I stake my stETH, do I get it back, or is it converted into MOR?  
It’s not converted into MOR, protocol takes only yield generated. You can get back the full amount of stETH you deposited after 7 days of the initial lockup.

### Do I bear the risk of impermanent loss?  
No, there is no impermanent loss risk, you withdraw the same amount you deposited.

### Is there a minimum or maximum amount of stETH one can deposit?  
The minimum deposit amount is 0.01 stETH and there is no maximum contribution limit. 

### Do I have to pay fees?  
Yes, you do, since the claim transaction is generated on the Ethereum blockchain, and the MOR rewards will be received on the Arbitrum chain.

### How quickly will I receive my tokens?  
After confirming the claim transaction, you will receive your tokens within a few minutes.

### Is deposited stETH locked?  
It is not locked. You are free to withdraw any time after the 7 days initial lock-up period.

### Why is there a 7 day lock up period?  
This measure was introduced in order to avoid people gaming the yield timing as protocol in fact rewards in advance from the moment you deposit, when yield is generated once a day.

### When does the staking for stETH end?  
There is no cut off date. Emissions are a built-in feature of the protocol and will continue for at least 16 years of the first epoch.

### For how long should I deposit stETH?  
It’s completely up to you. You can deposit for days, weeks, months or years. While your stETH deposited and contributes yield, it earns you MOR rewards.

### How do rewards distribute?  
24% of MOR emissions are designated for Capital providers and divided proportionally to a user share in the total deposited stETH pool. For example, if your capital contribution equals to 1% of the total stETH pool, you’ll be getting 3400*0.01= 34 MOR daily.

### How can I claim my rewards?  
1. Vsit https://dashboard.mor.org and switch to Ethereum mainnet.
2. Connect a wallet you used for stETH deposit.
3. Check MOR claimable amount and click **"Claim MOR"** button.
4. Input address you want to get MOR tokens on the Arbitrum chain.
5. Sign the transaction.

### Are there any limitations for MOR reward claims, like token lock or vesting?   
No, there are no limitations.

### Where can I check my MOR earnings?  
You can see them at https://dashboard.mor.org/#/ when connecting your depositing wallet.

### How many MOR tokens can I get by depositing 1 stETH?  
It is a dynamic value that depends on the ratio of your contribution to the total amount of deposited stETH.  
You can check it at one of the community websites:
- https://morlord.com/  
- https://morstats.info/  
- https://morcheck.xyz/ 

### Is there a minimum or maximum amount of MOR I can claim?  
There are no limitations, you can claim any amount.

### How often can I claim MOR rewards?  
The MOR token is accrued with every Ethereum block, meaning you can claim every 12 seconds, (after May 8th) but each time you make a **“Claim”** transaction will need to pay a fee.

### Do I lose earned MOR rewards if I decide to withdraw stETH?  
No, you don’t, but you will not earn rewards any longer as you are not the Capital Provider anymore.

### Has the contract I deposit stETH into been audited?  
Yes, both the community and a dedicated auditor have reviewed the Smart Contracts, see the reports on [GitHub.](https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/Docs/tree/main/Security%20Audit%20Reports)

### How is the stETH deposit contract managed?  
There are 4 of 7 multisig managed by community trusted open source contributors. 
The multisig address is [MOR.ETH](https://etherscan.io/address/0x1FE04BC15Cf2c5A2d41a0b3a96725596676eBa1E)  
Details about multisignature account are [here.](https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/Docs/blob/main/!KEYDOCS%20README%20FIRST!/Morpheus%20Multisignature%20Account.md)

### What are the risks of providing capital?  
There are always risks with smart contracts like bugs or vulnerabilities. To ensure a high level of security, the contracts have undergone multiple levels of audits, including community audit, cybersecurity company audit, as well as a public bug bounty campaign. Security reports are publicly available on GitHub. That's also why the Protection Fund 4% of emissions exists.

### Who should I contact if I encounter difficulties?  
The community is always ready to provide support. Please describe your issue in the Discord [support channel](https://discord.com/channels/1151741790408429580/1183666837460897832)

### If you did not find the answer to your question, you can add it through this [form.](https://forms.gle/6yt5ps3kAfUfkF4N8) 

> [!WARNING]  
> Beware of scams, anyone who message you with proposal to help is likely scammer. 
