# Launch Guide - Lessons & Tips For Fair Launches Using MOR20
The culmination of the MOR20 process is when the bootstrap period ends and the tokens become claimable by Capital, Code and other contributors.
There is a detailed MRC09 on this topic which you can read here that details the whole process.
https://github.com/MorpheusAIs/MRC/blob/main/IMPLEMENTED/MRC09.md

This Guide will just include the highlights and tips from lessons generated by the first MOR20 launch by Morpheus on May 8th 2024.

## TLDR:
1. MOR20 is NOT setting any particular price of the token.
2. The token price is set by the open market.
3. The Liquidity bootstrap starts at the market price.
4. An LP position of wETH / the token is added.
5. Token liquidity added above the market price.
6. wETH liquidity added below the market price.

## Comparing Liquidity Scenarios
The most challenging part of the bootstrapping period comes the day tokens are claimable. There are effectively three options. 
Either the Multisig can kick off the Uniswap pool or the community can kick off the Uniswap pool or they are done simultaneously. 
All three approaches have trade offs to consider described below.

### 1. Multisig Kickoff BEFORE Claims Go Live
- In this scenario the Multisig starts the Uniswap pool. 
- All the liquidity and tokens set aside for launch can be seeded at once.
- However the ONLY tokens from the Multisig can be a seller in the Uniswap pool as no other claims are live yet.
- There will ONLY be buy pressure on the token as others can only put wETH to work in the pool. 
- This could lead to the price of the token rising too much in the absence of any other sellers.
- This could also be seen as dumping the tokens on the community and no other token holders would be able to sell until claims go live. 

### 2. Community Kickoff, Multisig Adds Liquidity AFTER Claims Go Live
- In this scenario the Multisig holds off on creating the Uniswap pool or providing liquidity to allow for open price discovery.
- The Community starts the Uniswap pool and price discovery begins and volume increases as more tokens are deposited.
- Only tokens from the community participate in the Uniswap bootstrapping.
- This could lead to the price of the token being highly volitile as its starting from a smaller base of tokens.

### 3. The Third Option - Liquidity Is Provided Simultaneously When Claims Go Live
- This was the approach taken with the Morpheus MOR token on its claim day at 12 noon UTC on May 8th 2024.
- This was proposed in MRC09 avoid the challenges of either providing liquidity Before or After claims went live.
- Bugs in the Uniswap integration with the Multisig software prevented the deployment of Multisig liquidity for about 3 hours.
- Thus the Morpheus launch defaulted into a scenario #2 community kick off model. 
- Due to this the community created the first Uniswap pools, however they were very illiquid as not many tokens were deposited.
- Prices were very volitile and generated both very high and very low first prices with small trades by bots.
- After liquidity was added from the Multisig then the price range settled out very quickly.

## Technical Considerations For Multisig Signers: 
- Most multisig set ups require the use of a special software (for example SAFE) for signers.
- These Multisig software interfaces have integrations with Uniswap for creating pools.
- The Morpheus community launched a test token on Arbitrum for testing purposes as Uniswap was unavailable on testent.
- The test tokens worked during the weeks of testing leading up to the claims day.
- However on launch day changes to the software made it challenging to create the pool which delayed liquidity for about 3 hours.
- After the pool was created by the community, it also changed the process that had been planned for deploying the liquidity.

## Recommendations:

**1. Multisig Deploys Liquidity BEFORE Scenario Tips:**
- If your MOR20 project selects the 1st option and the Multisig does the kick off BEFORE claims go live, then do the kick off at least 3 to 6 hours before.
- Even with tests, the multisig software and its integrations are often changed and that may alter the process and cause delays.
- However you can't set up the multisig transaction too long before the event, keep in mind pending transaction expire after only a short period of time.  

**2. Multisig Deploys Liquidity AFTER Scenario Tips:**
- If your MOR20 project selects the 2nd option and the Multisig does the kick off AFTER claims go live.
- Adding liquidity to from a multisig is very different than doing it from a single address, largely due to the time lag between signers.
- Uniswap has a series of protections to try and prevent you from making mistakes that can make deploying liquidity in size to a new contract challenging.
- Uniswap safety checks include "slippage" protection checks and you may have to customize the transaction to allow for greater slippage than normal.
- Multisig software safety checks include recommendations about the high risk of new contracts and you will have to get through these checks. 
- Don't put too much effort into registering with tools (such as Dexsceener) until after the liquidity is live.
- As early price discovery will give highly random data for highs / lows with little volume.

**3. Simultaneously Liquidity Deployment Tips:**
- If your MOR20 project selects to go live with liquidity at the same time as the token claims.
- Consider having multiple experts in Uniswap, SAFE, and multisig set ups available.
- Morpheus is fortunately to have an experienced community of experts who quickly offered potential solutions and were able to debug the issues.
- Lastly make sure to have multiple back up signers, as hardware failures / errors or signing issues are always possible.
